Support the v3 alert routes API in the incident_alert_route resource (#375)
incident-io/terraform-provider-incident: CHANGELOG.md

## Unreleased

- `incident_alert_route` now supports a new configuration format for alert routes. Set the new top-level `grouping_config` block to opt a route into it:
  - Alert grouping moves out of `incident_config` into the top-level `grouping_config`.
  - `channel_config` and `message_template` are replaced by `message_config`.
  - The incident template moves under `incident_config.template`.

> - The previous attributes (`channel_config`, `message_template`, `incident_template`, and the grouping fields inside `incident_config`) are now deprecated but continue to work. Migrate a route in place by adding the new blocks and removing the deprecated fields in the same change — Terraform updates the route rather than replacing it. The easiest way to get the new configuration is the "Export" button on the alert route config screen in the dashboard.

Reviewer: This feels like you're hiding that these two formats are incompatible with each other, and really burying that the old attributes are now deprecated. It should be clear in the changelog that we've introduced `grouping_config` and `message_config`. And super clear that we've deprecated `channel_config`, `message_template` etc.. and these deprecated fields will be removed in an upcoming major version update. People can look at resource docs to work out how they are used, but unless they realise that they need to based on what they read here they won't look.

## Unreleased

> - `incident_alert_route` now supports the v3 alert routes API in place. Set the new top-level `grouping_config` block to opt into the v3 schema: grouping moves into `grouping_config`, `channel_config` and `message_template` combine into `message_config`, and the incident template nests under `incident_config.template`. The v2-only fields (`channel_config`, `message_template`, `incident_template`, and the `incident_config` grouping fields) are deprecated and emit a warning pointing at their v3 location, but continue to work via the v2 API. You can migrate an existing route in place — add the v3 blocks and drop the deprecated fields in the same change — and Terraform updates the route rather than replacing it. No resource-type change is required.

Author: ```suggestion
- `incident_alert_route` now supports the v3 alert routes API. When v3's new top-level `grouping_config` block is set, we interpret config via the v3 schema, otherwise we use the v2 schema.
- The following changes are made between v2 and v3:
  - Alert grouping settings are moved out of `incident_config` to a top level `grouping_config`
  - `channel_config` and `message_template` combine into `message_config`
  - Incident template nests under `incident_config.template
- Existing routes can be migrated in place — add the v3 blocks and drop the deprecated fields in the same change — and Terraform updates the route rather than replacing it. Have a look at the "Export" button on the config screen in the dashboard to see the v3 Terraform for your alert routes.
```
